---
title: escapism    
layout: post
---

hi. it&#8217;s been a while since i&#8217;ve written. this last month largely sucked and i&#8217;m determined the rest of june and summer will be better. at the least, it will not be bad due almost solely to *my* actions as happened this last month. so far not so good, but i do feel some improvement.

i saw the new harry potter with my mom last night (she&#8217;s visiting the west coast for a few weeks) and it was really good. however, i wasn&#8217;t as excited about it in general because 1)the first two i saw with other &#8216;harry potter fans&#8217; family members whereas my mom kept falling asleep during the movie, and 2)earlier in the day, i&#8217;d been reading and was almost done with christopher paolini&#8217;s [eragon][1], so it was a little harder to get into the j.k. rowling world as i was immersed fantasy-wise in [paolini][2]&#8216;s alagaesia. but still, it was a really good movie ~ the special effects were totally convincing and the dementors part scared me, too, which is good.

i know for a lot of people, these types of entertainment, be they movies or books, are a form of escapism, which makes sense to me and seems ok. (i.e. escapism is not inherently wrong.) but i know i probably &#8216;escape&#8217; just way too often, so not all that consciously i&#8217;ve been trying to find and learn lessons in these escapist stuff. now&#8230; which is worse: escaping stress/conflicts by watching/reading fantasy novels, or &#8216;finding&#8217; moral lessons in these novels and trying to apply them to my life? sigh.  
so much work to do! it&#8217;s scary. in the next ten days i have to bust my butt school-wise. i&#8217;m thinking about maybe taking only one course this summer, versus the three i&#8217;ve been thinking about, that way i have time for me, not me-the-student, or me-the-worker. if i weren&#8217;t so busy, i&#8217;d not have to read as much escapist stuff (and yes, that does include horribly-written and -embarassing romance novels.. argh.) becuase i wouldn&#8217;t feel the need to escape! my time would be so much more my own.  
by the way, i lovelove fantasy books and feel no shame about loving them. (whereas with tawdry harlequins, yikes.) but i *do* read them way too often to escape and although a little of that is healthy, sometimes that&#8217;s *all* i do with my free time. no good.

~ andrea

 [1]: http://www.randomhouse.com/teens/eragon/
 [2]: http://www.powells.com/authors/paolini.html