---
title: phew
layout: post
---

<span class="pic"><a href="http://mellowtrouble.net/chocolate"><txp:thumbnail id="33" /></a></span> so, the quarter is *almost almost* done. after class tomorrow night and then class tuesday afternoon, i&#8217;ll be officially done for the year 2004. all the work is completed already (that&#8217;s a first for me ever, yay. finally!) but the final projects still have to be presented, so once that&#8217;s done, i&#8217;m done. i am officially webbed out though &#8211; in the last week, i basically created or made major revisions to three different web sites/pages. i am pooped and have very little feelings in my fingers left. 

<span class="pic"><a href="http://polaris.gseis.ucla.edu/ahull/423.html"><txp:thumbnail id="34" /></a></span> i have plans on buying a christmas something-or-other tomorrow.. i just can&#8217;t make up my mind if it should be an actual tree (which would have to be teeny or else it&#8217;d make me depressed about my apartment, but that doesn&#8217;t matter much, i like little things) or just a garland. basically, i want the smell of pine in my home now, but the idea of a tree, my own christmas tree, kinda freaks me out. so adult-ish.

i blocked my sweater tonight, i&#8217;ll seam wednesday night at the latest. it looks so pretty all laid out, here&#8217;s to hoping my seams act nice and the sweater will still look as pretty when all seamed up. i&#8217;m imagining a lot of satisfaction and happy dancing around once i get it done and actually put it on. hee, i can&#8217;t wait. <span class="pic"><a href="http://supportpra.org"><txp:thumbnail id="35" /></a></span> 

other than that.. i&#8217;m discovering i&#8217;m in some danger of becoming one of those people who always complain. i&#8217;ve made a note of it and that&#8217;s all i&#8217;ll say about it for now.

i&#8217;m thinking more and more about librarianship and less and less about archiving. one seems more snooty, the other more accessible. one is easier to find jobs in, the other <strike>harder</strike> [not the right word. maybe &#8216;more anal&#8217;? i&#8217;m not even sure since i&#8217;ve never been a librarian, but archivists/record managers *are* a little too &#8216;detailed-oriented&#8217;, let&#8217;s say, for me..] and with crappier pay. thank goodness i&#8217;m taking another year for school. 

everything is pretty good for me right now, but it&#8217;s just hard to stop and realize because i&#8217;m so dang busy, i hate it. ops, complaining again, huh. but, in a backward way, i was also doing the opposite, appreciating life and all that. hm.

p.s. btw, work-wise, we raised over $185,000, wayyy over our goal of $115,000. very cool and very exhausting. oh, and color-wise for this page, think snowflakes (says a snow-deprived angeleno).