---
title: grumpy
layout: post
---

hi ~

oh things are going so well for me right now&#8212;school is great and so far with this quarter no real pressure, work is ok, i saw my family recently, i have a great little apartment, two very sweet cats, a small group of good friends that i love to make laugh and laugh with, a sweet boy asleep on my couch right now, a full fridge, great books to read all around me, a fast fast computer, one of the best showers in the world, and i could go on and on. 

so why am i so grumpy in the mornings, getting up for school or work? i go to sleep too late because i&#8217;m trying to cram all this cool stuff i want to do into the hours after work/school and sleep&#8212;but for a few years i had the option of doing whatever i wanted whenever i wanted. which was awesome and a shame that, in a way, i wasted a lot of that time, being unhappy and cold in a large old wherehouse, or a messy and dirty &#8220;communal&#8221; house. and now, when i have such a great setup, ijust don&#8217;t have the time to be reading for hours and hours like i used to. sigh. 

and i guess cause of that, i get a tad (ha!) grumpy in the morning and feel really sorry for myself and feel too much like an adult with responsibilties and i don&#8217;t like that. well! 

.. on to happier news&#8212;i&#8217;ve gotten some very nice emails from friends, particularly caroline and nicole, and they make me laught and feel verrrry special! love it! another thing i need to learn to do better is remember how much i like having friends. that might seem like a weird comment but really i&#8217;m such an introvert and also so busy time-wise that i forget how important it is to make time for friends. because when i&#8217;m hanging out with them, i love love it! but it&#8217;s so easy for me to be very hull-ish (don&#8217;t deny it, we hulls **are** kinda introverted in a family-cliquey way) and just wanna hibernate in my room. 

regarding this website: big changes are on the horizon. i finally got [my future reading list app][1] to work just about the way i want it to, which is super exciting&#8212;when i got it to work last night, i was jumping around the apartment pumping my fists in the air. tonight i totally revamped and updated my [links][2] page. also, i&#8217;m having fun with my [resume][3], just to see what i&#8217;ve been doing and how it looks all lined up. where do i add activist stuff like food not bombs, or a-collectiv, or any of that essential but relevant? stuff&#8230;. 

oh! and congrats [luci and claudi][4] on being fantastic runners!

all in all, i love my life! good night!

p.s. i saw [the station agent][5] the other day and it was beautiful! go see it! it&#8217;s best to see as a matinee cause then you have the whole rest of the day to savor it. plus, when you step outside of the theatre, after the movie, you&#8217;ll be so happy it&#8217;s still daylight and the sky will look so blue and beautiful! or cloudy and gorgeous!..

 [1]: /trying/show.php
 [2]: /linking.html
 [3]: /resume.html
 [4]: http://gopack.ocsn.com/sports/w-track/recaps/012504aaa.html
 [5]: http://www.thestationagent.com/