---
title: andreas    
layout: post
---

hi.

last night, as i was trying to go to sleep, this idea just popped in my brain and i couldn&#8217;t go to sleep till i had thought about it for a while. frustrating, but oh-so-narcissistic. the thing is, with just two exceptions, i don&#8217;t think i can ever be friends with anyone named andrea who pronounces it differently than the way i do. (un-drey-ah, with only a slight emphasis on the middle syllable. though really, in my head, i think i call myself ahn-drrrei-ah, with a rolled r, you know, spanish-style.)

anyhow, unless you have a really common name like john or sarah, then i think it&#8217;s usally hard to be friends with people who have the same name as you. it happens, but it&#8217;s rare. this applies all the more to couples- i&#8217;ve never heard of a female alex and a male alex dating, or seen &#8220;jesse loves jesse&#8221; written anywhere, irregardless of gender. (unfortunately, i have seen cutsie couple-names like &#8220;ben and jen&#8221; (bennifer?) and i know a couple named jose and josefa. ay. if i ever meet an andre and fall in love with him, i&#8217;ll scream my head off at the idea of being &#8220;andrea and andre&#8221; &#8212; alliteration gone mad.)

so, i have met probably half a dozen or so andreas in my life so far. i remember in elementary school being slightly shocked and indignant that an older sister of one of my classmates was named andrea, the first other-andrea i&#8217;d met. **and** she pronounced it in, i&#8217;m sorry to say, i think the ugliest way the name can be pronounced: nasally. ann-dree-ah, as in &#8220;andrea&#8221; from 90210? yuck. needless to say, i think she felt the same weirdness about me being named andrea and, also, for pronouncing it, to her mind, in some weird god-forsaken way. since then, in all honesty, i&#8217;ve learned that, at least for all us andreas out there, we tend to stay away from each other.

ok, in the beginning of this silly rant, i said there were two exceptions for not befriending other andreas. they come in two groups: 1) foreigners, who usually tend to be male, and 2) friends of friends that i must socially see from time to time. so the second exception is clear. my little sisters had a best friend for the longest time named andrea and i felt fine with her, largely because my sisters loved her so. (and still do, if she reads this.) also, i only saw her at my family functions so i was hands-down/obviously the central andrea there. (it **is** all about ego, isn&#8217;t it? tsk tsk tsk, i know.) the first exception makes me shiiver with fear: is this my future? fall in love with some italian or german male andrea and then bamm! for life it&#8217;s &#8220;oh, let&#8217;s invite that andrea and andrea over for dinner&#8230; oh on second thought, it weirds me out that they&#8217;re a couple, never mind.&#8221;.. i mean, it almost reads like some distilled echo of incest. not to make light of incest, but am i right or am i right?

(quick note: sorry if my writing is getting annoying, but i&#8217;m enjoying myself and will probably heavily edit this later.)  
there are three andreas, including me, in my <acronym title="masters of library & information studies">mlis</acronym> program at ucla. i haven&#8217;t spoken more than five words to either of the other two. i haven&#8217;t the foggiest idea about them and i&#8217;m sure they&#8217;re both really nice women, but like i said, it&#8217;s just too weird. **and** they both pronounce their name.. well, badly, i think. i can&#8217;t help it.  
one interesting note: unlike many names in the english, there is no song entitled &#8220;andrea&#8221;, much less pronounced the right way. **but** there is the fabulous &#8220;valley girl&#8221; by frank zappa (which vacya introduced me to, laughing the whole time he played it for me..) where frank zappa&#8217;s daughter moon unit (i think) is talking, like, all val talk, and her name in the song is &#8216;ohn-dree-ah&#8217; and it cracks me up and i love it. (plus the bass is sweet.)  
so there&#8217;s the thought that kept me up a good twenty minutes past my bedtime&#8230; anything to not be sad (and if i stop to let myself think about sadness, i just freeze up and feel my heart just drop to my shoes so nope nope keep talking and writing and wrestling with every silly concept that comes to your mind&#8230; yes. i am insane.)  
tonight i will be eating meat. i think. my cousins yann pablo and yashira are cooking me a delicious bolivian meal called &#8216;silpancho&#8217; which i last ate about eight months ago, which was the last time i ate meat. last time, i literally felt drunk right after eating it (i called it &#8216;meat-drunk&#8217;, which sounds nasty, but felt like a mildly-strong buzz.)

~ andrea