---
title: hating m1
layout: post
---

hi there. it&#8217;s been a busy bunch of days ~ finished my scarf (very thick and wooly and wonderful, though i felt a tad silly knitting such a scarf in los angeles. in july. during some of the hottest days so far this year. blink.), which i have yet to take pictures of (bad andrea), started ambitiously on a new project knit-wise, and worked furiously on getting the last web content up in time for the unveiling of the new web site for work (phew).

i took some very nice pictures this last week, including the [cats in paradise][1] and [my new knitting][2] thing. here&#8217;s two photos: what is that first one you ask? i want to make this very pretty felted bag, so last night i swatched (good little knitter that i am) and here in photo 2 you can see the result. yes, my hands are chafed, my knuckles and finger joints are sore, my vision is bleary (it took a *long* time) but it was all worth it because i can make felt. if you want to see more go here: [felting experiment][2]

even though i did about 4 or 5 rounds of the bottom of the bad last night, i took it all apart (frogged it ~ don&#8217;t ask if you don&#8217;t know cause it&#8217;s a weird knitters thing. knitters are weird. and proud of it.) **twice** this morning. i just don&#8217;t think i understand M1 quite right. it makes sense what i&#8217;m doing and it looks *allright* but not superfine, you know what i mean? and at the dag-on very beginning of a project, i accept no mistakes. sigh.

part of the problem stems from the fact that i&#8217;m a lefty. and, because i didn&#8217;t get how to knit at first, i knit with both hands, i.e. when i finish a row (with the left hand holding the yarn and the right doing all the heavy lifting and such) i don&#8217;t turn the stick around but just switch hands (with the right hand now holding the yarn and the left stitching away ~ i&#8217;m a tad faster this way). i *think* that&#8217;s weird but there must be lots of people out there doing the same as me, right? anyhow, i figure i get less sore in just one hand doing it this way ~ this way **both** hands get sore around the same time and at the same intensity. yay? anyway, all this helps explain why the M1 thing isn&#8217;t quite working for me yet, though i think i made some important inroads during lunch.

ok, now i really am off to sleep, thanks for listening about my perhaps mindlessly-self-involved ramblings (i blame it on lack of sleep) but i think this knitting stuff is crazily interesting. plus it&#8217;s practical ! i love art that&#8217;s like that.

g&#8217;night  
~ andrea

 [1]: gallery/firstsleepover
 [2]: http://mellowtrouble.net/fotos/felting