---
title: viva    
layout: post
---

hi ~

a sweet saturday morning.. mami called this morning with rileigh on the phone too saying &#8220;viva, viva, can i wear your shirt?&#8221;, vacya taking pictures of me and the cat and the curtains, sad talk about monkeys and insane scientists, hungry belly, great plans for tonight (we&#8217;re going to rent a cheech & chong and i also want to get lily tomlin&#8217;s the incredible shrinking woman and then order some pizza), and tomorrow we&#8217;re going to the farmer&#8217;s market in hollywood and then drive around and take photos of our favorite graffitti.

classes so far are great. i&#8217;ve have not doing much of the readings but the class lectures themselves are really good and i feel like i understand what&#8217;s going, despite not being on top of the assignments. my first paper is due in two weeks so things so far are not too hectic. which is great. 

i&#8217;ve put up a [gallery][1] of photos and i&#8217;m real excited about friends and family putting up photos there too. for now, i have a bunch of pictures of my apartment and my cats, and a few of me too.

~andrea

p.s. very exciting news for old nintendo fanatics like myself: there are these cool programs called emulators, like [this one][2] for macs, that lets you play vido games on your computer! once you have downloaded the emulator, you have to get the individual games. i&#8217;m not sure about the legality, but from a search engine typing &#8220;nintendo and roms&#8221; (roms is what the games are called on the web) you can find all kinds of stuff. i got super mario bros 1-3, zelda, metroid, & more. needless to say i&#8217;ve been playing a lot of games recently and feeling like a twelve year old all over again..

 [1]: /gallery
 [2]: www.bannister.org/software/nestopia.htm