---
title: orangina
layout: post
---

<div class="slideshow">
  <txp:jmr_gallery category="340" />
</div>

finished: august 7, 2005  
pattern: [orangina][1] by stefanie japel  
yarn: 2 balls of dale&#8217;s stork in turquoise, and just a bit of it in black  
needles: size 2s for the lace, and 1s for the ribbing, not that it made a difference!

i love this pattern &#8211; and have loved all the various examples of it i&#8217;ve seen online. i finished knitting orangina in june but i was unhappy with the fit and just left it in a corner until finally, prompted by the results of a poll, i threw it in the washing machine and dryer not once but twice. the result? it shrunk a good two inches at least in width, and probably just as much in length. (btw, no pilling at all &#8211; and i gotta say, i loved loved this yarn, so soft and crisply colored.) thank goodness i like me a cropped top, but the width now is almost perfect. 

next time, i&#8217;d probably just take off two of the lace columns &#8211; and there might indeed be a next time, as this was such a fun and satisfying knit. i knew i wanted the fit to be snugger around the ribbing so i went down a needle size but next time i would do that as well as decrease a few stitches on each side just to be make sure.

i&#8217;ve included some pics here of the shoulder seaming and the side seaming &#8211; i&#8217;m very happy with how it turned out and i realize i love lace seaming more than any other kind. it just makes sense &#8211; at least it does when the pattern is as well-written as this one.

[wanna know more? see posted entries about my [orangina][2].]

 [1]: http://glampyreknits.tripod.com/glampyrephotos/id97.html
 [2]: http://mellowtrouble.net/journal/?c=orangina