---
title: 'top down / i&#8217;m a stress monkey'
layout: post
---

i&#8217;ve been in my head a lot lately. one sure way of knowing this: when i speak out loud i get kinda surprised at hearing my voice. so, yeah, i&#8217;ve been pretty alone this week. even at work and at school, i&#8217;ve been quieter than usual. 

not sure why. partially, i think i&#8217;ve just gotten used to not being very social at all and last week was very social for me&#8212;what with my mom visiting, the surprise party at work, and a party i went to last weekend (i never go to parties anymore! the thing is, i used to know people who threw parties all the time, had get-togethers every weekend, etc.. ah well, growing up is hard to do.)&#8212;so that social whirlwind last week has thrown off my balance a bit.

one real reason, for sure, is that for the first time in a while, i&#8217;ve spent almost every night this week in my apartment alone&#8212;no big reason why (at least i hope not), it just turned out this way. and i&#8217;ve liked it&#8212;and i&#8217;ve hated it. it goes both ways. 

one way i like it: for a while now i&#8217;ve been wondering just how selfish a person i am &#8211; like am i too selfish to ever have kids? would i resent them from taking away my free time? but now with all this free time, i&#8217;m realizing something i learned and forgot a long time ago: i work so much better with a set plan. so i&#8217;m thinking (hoping) that with kids i would just have an extremely controlled schedule and i&#8217;d like it and even thrive in it! (plus the whole joy of having kids blahblahblah.)

and another thing i realized: i&#8217;m fine with never ever finishing any of my &#8216;to do&#8217; lists. even if i never do all the items on my usually-crazy-ass-long &#8216;to do&#8217; lists, just knowing that there&#8217;s a plan calms me down so much. 

until i remembered all this, i was tossing and turning at night (wednesday and thursday night), watching crappy tv (monday night), and forcing myself to read a book i really wasn&#8217;t getting into (last night). i&#8217;m jinxing myself horribly, but tonight should be tossing-free. ..anyhow,i know my quietness, etc is coming from more than just &#8216;free time&#8217; anxiety, but for today, for now, i&#8217;m happy i figured out this much (again) at least.

ay, my writing today is so choppy&#8212;but hopefully coherent and not too annoying. it&#8217;s friday, forgive me! 

here&#8217;s to hoping this weekend will be great ~ 

(of course, my two final papers are due next week but will i start them this weekend? of course not! school has definitely taken a backseat this year and so far at least, my learning hasn&#8217;t suffered an iota and i&#8217;m a lot less stressed. yay for part-time schooling!)