---
title: lelah
layout: post
---

<div class="slideshow">
  <txp:jmr_gallery category="237" />
</div>

this was such a agreat pattern&#8212;and i really like the &#8216;fishtail&#8217; lace stitch, it was easy to get a hang off and this yarn really shows it off well, i think.

i was pretty lucky with this pattern, which called for size 10 1/2 and size 9 needles. i started off with size 9 rather than size 10 1/2 needles and i didn&#8217;t realize my mistake till i was getting ready for the stockinette part, where the pattern states &#8216;now switch to the smaller needles&#8217;. since it still looked all right and was fitting around my waist, etc like i wanted it to (with a little extra, but not too big), i just kept going, switching to size 7s. 

since the top was already pretty, snug i bound off regularly, rather than going with the one over two method the pattern suggests. also, i used 1/2 an inch elastic for the top, instead of 3/4 inch. and i really like the i-cord tie around the middle &#8211; it&#8217;s all drapey and as christin wrote in the pattern, it really does flare out the bottom part and keep the top part secure.

i steam blocked when i was done, a little worried about shrinking with 100% cotton, but i saw little to none. there is a bit of shedding, of course, with this yarn, but at this price who can complain?! plus it&#8217;s so soft and plush. 

finished: march 29, 2005  
pattern: [lelah][1] by christine of [knittersofdoom][2]  
yarn: a little under 2 skeins of bernat&#8217;s cotton tots  
needles: for the body/lace part, size 9 bamboo circulars, and the stockinette part size 7

[wanna know more? see posted entries about [lelah][3].]

 [1]: http://knittersofdoom.blogspirit.com/archive/2005/02/25/lelah_s_done_yey.html
 [2]: http://knittersofdoom.blogspirit.com
 [3]: http://mellowtrouble.net/journal/?c=lelah