---
title: 'too much .. and then later, i&#8217;m ok, you&#8217;re ok'
layout: post
---

it&#8217;s a cranky post today so feel free to skip skip away.. [update: but it gets real positive at then end, promise]

basically i&#8217;m feeling overwhelmed. yesterday was my all-class-all-the-time day and it went ok *but* i really feel like i&#8217;m just coasting by and not really learning like i should be, like i want to. it feels like college, in a way, or at least the bad times in college when i was just all &#8216;fuck it. i just wanna pass.&#8217; i don&#8217;t quite have that attitude here, but it&#8217;s resembling it in alarming ways.. and i&#8217;m in graduate school for goodness sakes! no one forced me to do this, so i&#8217;m doing this for the love of learning really (right?). and the thing is the stuff being covered is by and large really really interesting. but i am behind, oh am i behind. and my mind just isn&#8217;t on school at all, and hasn&#8217;t been really since last spring. yes, a *long* while back. 

yesterday in class, reeling from the realization that it&#8217;s halfway through the quarter and i&#8217;ve learned *nothing* at all, i figured out a &#8220;plan&#8221; (you&#8217;ll understand the quotes later) to conquer my lateness, and generally prioritize my life a bit, get some much-needed but always-missing balance into it.. i figured out how many hours in a week i spend on the basics: sleeping, school, work, driving (particularly depressing, it&#8217;s all down time, sigh), cooking and eating, cleaning, and showering/getting ready. that left me with around 35 hours a week &#8211; and i decided, 14 for studying, 12 for knitting, and 8 just totally free time. doesn&#8217;t sound too painful, right?

but i&#8217;ve made many such a plan before, though this is the first time i trust myself so little i make general hour-by-hour plans! these long-range-type plans always end up feeling too claustrophobic. and there&#8217;s the whole &#8216;i just gotta be me&#8217; thing, too, dontcha know. well, that&#8217;s the plan, man. of course right now i&#8217;m supposed to be in the shower, after having done, for the first time in weeks my morning pilates thing, but instead i&#8217;ve been taptaptapping on this computer for the past hour. agh. no self-control, nope, none here.

p.s. i don&#8217;t mean this to be a pityfest or anything, it&#8217;s just helpful to write it out and *get it out*, you know what i mean? and writing helps me put things into perspective and.. ahh, now i&#8217;m late for work.   
&#8212;&#8212;  
pt. 2: though this better mood might just come from singing duran duran songs in my car on the way to work, i&#8217;m feeling much more positive right now. i&#8217;m the kind of person who can just deny reality for months and months, seriously, but in the past few years i&#8217;ve learned that a) i do that, and b) it&#8217;s really really unhealthy *and* unhelpful. so i think i need to do this semi-freak-out re-assessing thing every few months or so just to be clear that i&#8217;m not living in a dream world, that *this* is reality, and i&#8217;m aware of it. sounds psychotic, huh? or at the very least, i&#8217;m *the* poster child for pisces.

oh, did you notice?: 5/5/5! 

also, check out the always excellent [amanda][1]&#8217;s latest lovelies at [homebaked.ca][2].

 [1]: http://etches-johnson.com/
 [2]: http://www.homebaked.ca/