---
title: chugging right along
layout: post
---

i&#8217;ve been working on catching up on school work &#8211; particularly reading for my excellent young adult literature class &#8211; and i&#8217;m happy to say, prematurely of course!, that i&#8217;m almost there, phew. i&#8217;ve been reading (and writing) like a madwoman, but at least the books (for the most part) have been really good YA, a genre i like very much, and books that i had heard a lot about but had never read. 

the ones in bold have been read by me, almost all this past weekend, and i&#8217;m tackling two more tonight and tomorrow, plus i got a few audiobooks out (very exciting and attempt #2 at audiobooks, we&#8217;ll see if it works). now don&#8217;t gasp in horror &#8211; i don&#8217;t have to read all the books listed below just *most of them*, and believe me i appreciate the difference. which of those books have you read? any favorites, or any that didn&#8217;t make my teacher&#8217;s list?

so far, my favorite read has been *ender&#8217;s game*, though that&#8217;s a long-time favorite of mine, so that&#8217;s not fair. *one fat summer* was great, hilarious, and unexpected. *hatchet* started out so dang slow but by the end i was really into it. *the pigman* was just o.k., and *after the first death* gave me scary vague dreams. *weetzie bat* i expected to be really annoyed with, but i wasn&#8217;t, not that much at least. the sweet valley high book (#20 *crash landing!* &#8211; will enid walk again? and can george find the courage to break up with her even though she saved his life?!?!) was bad, so bad!, but i scarily remembered *all of it*, saved away in some pre-teen area of my brain. 

i&#8217;m most looking forward to reading *forever* (the hot sex!), *speak* (amazing future!), and *eva* (&#8216;oh my god i am a machiinnneeee!&#8217;). i don&#8217;t know much about the books in the last three reading log sections &#8211; all the ya i know is embarassingly almost all white and from the 80s or earlier, so i&#8217;m also very much looking forward to reading those books, though thanks goodness, they aren&#8217;t late but are assigned for a few weeks from now. yeehaw. 

predicted time of official caught-up status: wednesday night.

still to do: <strike>one midterm wednesday morning (on library management &#8211; yech. as interesting as it sounds.)</strike>done! and <strike>one email exchange about a final paper selection (which will be fun and not too bad, i just gotta get off my ass and write it already!)</strike> done! lovely.

~ required reading:

  * The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger
  * The Outsiders by S. E Hinton
  * The Contender by Robert Lipsyte
  * Go Ask Alice by Anon.
  * The Chocolate War by Robert Cormier
  * Forever by Judy Blume
  * Annie on My Mind by Nancy Garden
  * **Weetzie Bat by Francesca Lia Block**
  * **Speak by Laurie Halse Anderson**
  * Monster by Walter Dean Myers

~ reading log 1 <strike>(due two weeks ago, so bad so bad)</strike> done!:

  * **The Pigman by Zendel** 
  * **One Fat Summer by Robert Lipsyte**
  * Seventeenth Summer by Daly 
  * **After the First Death by Robert Cormier**

~ reading log 2 <strike>(due last week)</strike> done!:

  * Someone to Love by Mazer
  * The Changeover by Mahy
  * Interstellar Pig by Sleator
  * **Ender&#8217;s Game by Orson Scott Card**
  * **Hatchet by Paulsen**
  * Eva by Dickinson
  * **any &#8220;sweet valley high&#8221;**
  * any Lurlene McDaniel

~ reading log 3 (due next week):

  * **Holes by Louis Sachar**
  * **A Step from Heaven by An Na**
  * **Parrot in the Over by Martinez**
  * Baseball in April by Soto
  * Shizuko&#8217;s Daughter by Mori
  * any &#8220;fear street&#8221; by R.L. Stine
  * Blood and Chocolate by Klause

~ reading log 4:

  * Boy Meets Boy by Leviathan
  * **Hard Love by Wittlinger**
  * **The Perks of Being a Wallflower by Chbosky**
  * **Athletic Shorts by Crutcher**
  * Love and Sex: Ten Stories of Truth, edited by Cart
  * Hole in My Life by Gantos
  * Witch-Hunt by Aronson

~ reading log 5:

  * Stop Pretending by Sones
  * **Keesha&#8217;s House by Frost**
  * The Taking of Room 114 by Glenn
  * The Age of Bronze by Shanower
  * Pedro and Me by Winick
  * **Maus by Spiegelman**
  * **Kit&#8217;s Wilderness by Almond**
  * Postcard&#8217;s from No Man&#8217;s Land by Chambers
  * Under the Wolf Under the Dog by Rapp
  * **The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time by Haddon**