---
title: uh oh    
layout: post
---

that was me yesterday &#8211; i&#8217;m feeling the squeeze of time, money, career-pursuing-ness (you know what i mean), my own procrastination, and bad luck. here&#8217;s two examples of itty bitty bad luck knitting-wise:

<span class="pic3"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="868" /></span> <span class="pic3"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="869" /></span>

ultimately, it all worked out fine &#8211; like i know all the various squeezing will as well. i have to be a little careful about that one needle, and i&#8217;ll super glue it tonight as well, but i can still knit with it. and at least i *found* the cable problem before i got too much further on the sleeve. the fix is barely perceptible, and will entirely disappear once i block and the yarn predictable blooms.

anyhow, my point is that my main enemy is me, really. when i&#8217;m late, which is fairly often, it&#8217;s by 15 minutes, 5 minutes, small numbers. this means, over the long run, that if i just pushed myself ever the slightest bit, i&#8217;d be on time. another typical example would be if i have a paper due on monday, i&#8217;ll spend all sunday caught up in a cleaning bug and possessed by the need to put my bills in order. (there was no paper this time, thank goodness.) anyhow, this is not a self-flagellation type of post, just a little reminder to me and the world: take deep breaths and move around the obstacles, even if you&#8217;re the one who created them. 

happy wednesday ~ and thanks for all the comments on The Sleeve Dilemma. i&#8217;m thinking i&#8217;ll go for 3/4 sleeves but [marnie][1] made a good point about some slipping that might occur, so i&#8217;m still pondering ribbing and such. in the meantime, the urban aran back is done and blocked, and the sleeves &#8211; worked at the same time, yay! &#8211; are about 70% done.

 [1]: http://marniemaclean.com/words/words.html