---
title: please    
layout: post
---

kiss and cuddle your animal friends around you. they are the best, and you know it, but it&#8217;s easy to take them for granted sometimes. i know *i* do all the time. but not right now.

my first cat was named spunky &#8211; a big head with a little kitten body attached to it. his hair stood up all the time, like he&#8217;d just stuck his paw in a socket. he died very young and suddenly &#8211; i remember crying in the workshop as he slowly stopped breathing. then came pepper, my beautiful blank panther that i used to hoist onto my shoulders, pretending i was some pirate or animal charmer. she died alone, at the age of thirteen, one cold snowy night while i was in far-away l.a. then, not too long ago, though already over five years have passed, i had four cats &#8211; fleas, who was a total superhero of a cat indeed, and mamacat with her two kittens, mellow and trouble. a little after a year &#8211; with me often waking up and all four bodies snuggled on my own; and many a night barricading sleeping human toes from kitten teeth and pouncing claws with pillows; and even better, being spooked awake at three a.m. when all cats, i believe, go a little crazed, running around like mad happy demons, careening off walls &#8211; fleas went missing, and a handful of weeks later, mellow died.

..and now my heart has broken again, all the worse due partially to former breaks, for a young cat who i love. she was beautiful, a total sweetie, strong and fierce in everything she did &#8211; playing, eating, talking, you name it. and with an ability to love that made me laugh in delight and awe every time. i still really can&#8217;t believe she&#8217;s gone. it just seems impossible.

i don&#8217;t know whether to post this. ..and instead of hugs or nice words sent to me, just please hug and kiss your cats and dogs, ok. thanks. i&#8217;m going to hang out with my trouble and mamacat, who these last few days have been so serious and sweet with their glances.