---
title: 'cities &#038; rambles'    
layout: post
---

i&#8217;ve gone into d.c. a couple of times this past week, and oh am i glad i did. for one, public transportation makes me happy ~ it did in l.a., and it still does. not to say it can&#8217;t be such a drag at times, and the waiting is rarely ever fun, but still, there&#8217;s a connection among the passengers, a feeling of freedom with only a bus pass in your pocket, a sad disdain for the poor frustrated angry drivers sitting alone in their big cars, a sense of possibility and happy chance meetings&#8230; all of that i missed. 

so, i&#8217;m heading down to raleigh for an impromptu visit with my little sisters for about twenty-four hours, and instead of flying back up ($100, an hour long trip), i&#8217;m taking the train up to d.c. and then the metro to the last stop in suburban maryland ($43, six+ hours). when i went to college near phildelphia, i used to take the train all the time &#8211; to maryland, to trenton, to downtown philly, and so just stepping into a train station puts a skip in my step. and oh the possibilities: boston in six hours, new york in four, chicago overnight&#8230; ! i&#8217;m so looking forward to that train ride. 

other than that, things are pretty o.k., i&#8217;m glad to say. busy busy, and not much knitting &#8211; but spinning, rubberstamp-making, paper-making, learning letterpress, basketweaving, and beekeeping classes too, plus reading as always ~ so yeah, march is flying by. plus babies babies babies all over the place, and where they aren&#8217;t, there&#8217;s always siblings galore. oh, and within a three-day span, we went from 80 degree weather to 1/2 an inch of snow at least. bizarre. 

randomness: i really need to head into baltimore one of these days, i have a good feeling that we&#8217;ll click. also, i&#8217;d like to visit philly, but a part of me is afraid i&#8217;ll run into twenty-two (or even worse, twenty-three) year old me, a ghost andrea that i just know is still hanging around in center city, full of memories and forgotten songs. i&#8217;d alternate between wanting to slap that andrea and just stare in fascination at the oblivious girl-i-was&#8230; it&#8217;s silly but i need to write it: in ten years, i&#8217;ll be forty. forty! me! forty&#8230; i was very tempted to cut my hair last night &#8211; it&#8217;s well below my shoulders now, the longest it&#8217;s been for over five years, but i&#8217;m losing more and more of the curls due to the weight, and that&#8217;s a bit sad. it&#8217;s only hair, but ah i&#8217;m so proud of mine, (almost) always have been. i want to be a lioness again though, with a full fluffy mane, so i&#8217;ll hold off for a bit. 

chatty chatty, huh. it must be because it&#8217;s around witching hour. plus i created today ~ which is always at least as good as a long luxurious stretch. anyhow, remember those addresses you all sent me a while back? i&#8217;m such a tease &#8211; but seriously, the plan is finally firmly in motion (hint: it has something to do with what&#8217;s written above &#8211; and no, i&#8217;m not sending you cut hair or melted snow .. or a baby. or a train ticket.), so if i didn&#8217;t get your address, send it! and though this may seem unnecessary, don&#8217;t send it to me if you&#8217;ve never commented before and we don&#8217;t know each other in real life. it&#8217;s a little awkward that way, trust me. *but* if we&#8217;ve communicated in any way, shape or form, send me your address if you haven&#8217;t already. it&#8217;s nothing big, but just a little thank you to mellowtrouble readers and friends. that&#8217;ll be happening in the next ten days, so be quick about it!

i&#8217;ll add some pics in the morning ~ but for now, goodnight ~ ~