---
title: i see lice    
layout: post
---

<span class="pic"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1240" /></span>finally, after months and months, i&#8217;m back to my poetry in stitches sweater. when last you saw this knit, i&#8217;d done [most of the body][1] and had [just blocked the center panel][2], only to realize, like many a knitter, that row gauge is *not* my friend. a few months later, with the help of a braver knitter ([mg][3]!), i frogged the whole darn thing. fast foward to the beginning of november when i finally bought some size 0s and 1s &#8211; don&#8217;t know what happened to the earlier pairs i had &#8211; and swatched. oh wait, no, i didn&#8217;t swatch. bad andrea. 

ah well, so far the gauge is looking good. i initially swatched this yarn on size 4s, 3s, and 2s, so i have a pretty good idea of its&#8217; expanding qualities when blocked.<span class="pic"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1241" /></span> the pattern asks for 25 stitches and 31 rows for every 4&#8221;, and i&#8217;m getting roughly 30 stitches and 34 rows. yup, that sounds very off, no? i&#8217;m not very worried though because a) i know this yarn and its&#8217; deceptive blocking ways, and b) size 2 needles clearly don&#8217;t cut it, as evidenced by the earlier sad frogging, and c) there&#8217;s a good ten inches of ease in the pattern, so 8 inches instead won&#8217;t hurt my feelings. and length wise, it&#8217;s no problem-o as there&#8217;s no waist shaping, etc. to get in the way. 

oh, and what&#8217;s all these pics mean? well, i joined the round, and yup, i twisted it without realizing until a good thirty rows later. ahem. <span class="pic"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1243" /></span>so, first i tried dropping down to the join and seeing if i could twist something there that would fix the problem. i&#8217;d read something about that before, but couldn&#8217;t for the life of me figure it out. i then picked up all those stitches, grumble grumble, and decided, what the heck, it&#8217;s got to be cut later anyhow, i might as well do it now. so i did, and then calmly re-joined, *without* a twist, and continued knitting. the stickiness of the yarn is saving me, as i really should have crocheted on either side of the cut before grabbing the scissors, but hey, it was 2 am, the witching hour for all, especially knitters. anyhow, crisis averted and the knitting continues, which is the most important thing.<span class="pic"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1245" /></span>

so chatty about the knitting, huh. on other fronts, things are still tough but life just keeps moving. thanks for all the nice words sent my way ~ we&#8217;re getting over the shell-shocked phase, which i think is a good thing, that&#8217;s not a fun place to be. as for what&#8217;s next, oh who knows. so, for today, knitting knitting and more knitting, plus some driving and sitting and waiting, oh and some spinning. see?  
<span class="pic3"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1246" /></span>

happy wednesday to you all, you nice people ~

p.s. that pattern i&#8217;m knitting, the black and white you see there, is called lice. i don&#8217;t actually *see* the little critters jumping around, no fears.

 [1]: http://mellowtrouble.net/2007/02/09/friday
 [2]: http://mellowtrouble.net/2007/02/28/although-blocking-is-wonderful
 [3]: http://knitbuddies.blogspot.com