---
title: toes    
layout: post
---

i took ballet lessons when i was a little girl, just fun lessons where we&#8217;d wear tutus and jump over our shoes. (though i remember i hated how my mom had to put my hair up in a tight bun for every class. she&#8217;d comb and pull and pin and fuss with my hair, and i was just a wild hair girl even back then, and wanted it all Left. Alone. thankyouverymuch.) one class we were all sitting on our knees, and the teacher, mrs. cox, said, &#8220;oh you girls are all sooo lucky, you&#8217;re at your most flexible right *now* and see? i can&#8217;t even sit on my knees without it hurting.&#8221; i remember feeling sorry for old people (ha, she was like in her mid-forties, max) and generally smug about being young and new. then she had us sit and reach for our toes and all the little girls in the class &#8211; including my best friend jennie &#8211; reached .. and touched their toes, some even grabbing their feet and laying their heads on their knees. me? my ankles were as close as i could get, with my head barely bowed and frustratingly far away from my knees. i was embarrassed and kinda shocked, but that was just the beginning of a long line of me thinking ach, athleticism is just *not* for me. 

it&#8217;s been a really tough ten weeks &#8211; with little bits of much happiness, like luci&#8217;s wedding (!) &#8211; including, especially, our outdoor house cat of eleven+ years, skippy dying all of a sudden, of what no one could tell me, and all while i was here home alone and had to bury her and then was asked to unbury her by the health dept, oh i don&#8217;t even want to get into how low people can be &#8211; &#8230;. but one little lining that&#8217;s almost silver has been the new routine of trying to move and stretch my body a little every day. and now:

<span class="pic3"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1734" /></span>

and because i couldn&#8217;t help it, some cat pictures. mamacat staring at me, then the cat food, that sly girl. and trouble, my thinker, makes me sigh with love. i just want to sleep for days with them hugging the sides of me. 

<span class="pic3"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1735" /><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1736" /><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1737" /></span>

<span class="pic3"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1739" /><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1741" /><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1740" /></span>

fall is almost here in maryland ~ the crisp night air is becoming chilly, not welcoming from the heat. i don&#8217;t mind, bring on the fall.