---
title: 'about &#8211; 2008, less cranky'    
layout: post
---

i&#8217;m andrea hull. i started this website in late 2002 in an attempt to keep my family from worrying what i was doing with my life way out there in los angeles, while they were across the country in maryland still. also, i wanted to learn html &#8211; so i got some books, opened up [a free geocities page][1], and sat for hours at unused computers in ucla&#8217;s research library. about three months later, i bought this domain, mellowtrouble.net &#8211; named after mellow and trouble, two of my four cats at the time &#8211; and i haven&#8217;t regretted it since. 

after college in philly, i drove across the country, heading towards los angeles, and ended up staying there for almost seven years. after a few fairly amazing years, i went to graduate school, getting my master&#8217;s degree in library science at ucla, and living in the best little apartment ever in the middle of koreatown, close to downtown l.a. i really miss my life there still and i wonder if i&#8217;ll ever get anything close to that back again.

there were a few different reasonas i moved back to maryland, but largely it was because i felt that i needed to spend some real time with my family, beyond the long weekends of the holidays. i have six nieces and nephews and they all live within twenty minutes of my parent&#8217;s home, where i grew up, and i didn&#8217;t want to be *that* aunt. so, as much as i hated leaving l.a., i did, on halloween 2006. about a year later, my dad was diagnosed with brain cancer and after a truly horrible, cruel, & difficult ten months, he died july 22, 2008, on his 41st anniversary. i think we&#8217;re all still in shock that he even got sick, much less isn&#8217;t here any more. 

i give myself about a year to come to grips with all this, to vent out my anger and unhappiness about it, as much as possible, and then hopefully.. well, there&#8217;s two things i&#8217;ve learned very clearly this year: a) things can always be worse and b) who knows what the future will bring. i mean, if my dad, a marathon-runner and the healthiest and youngest-looking sixty-two year old you&#8217;d ever meet, can get sick and die in ten months of a rare and cruel disease, i mean really, that goes to show that life can just be insane and with absolutely no logic sometimes. 

.. ok, so more generally, here&#8217;s who i am too: 5&#8217;2&#8221;, middle child, (mostly) vegetarian, polyglot, half-bolivian, southpaw, pisces, bookworm, thirty-one, moody, and a very good aunt. also, i love: my family, cruising around on bikes, dancing in my room, cooking, eating, being woken up *well* , showering, kissing, reading, laughing, knitting, spinning, making things generally, high heels and platform shoes, traveling, exploring new places, riding on the bus, old songs from the 20s-60s, chatting, twirling with or without a child in my arms, cats, the full moon, babies, watching birds soar, midwifery, politics, gardening, figuring out how to make this website even better, and diving into memories. there more i love, but it&#8217;s private.

i&#8217;m a pretty angry person right now &#8211; but don&#8217;t worry, it seems to still be fairly interesting to read. and i do vary a lot &#8211; i try to be chipper and since that&#8217;s my general personality anyhow &#8211; beyond the recent trauma &#8211; it comes out a lot. 

thanks for reading ~

 [1]: http://geocities.com/mellowtrouble/