---
title: so.    
layout: post
---

<span class="pic3"><txp:thumbnail poplink="1" id="1267" /></span>  
my dad has brain cancer. he was diagnosed in october with glioblastoma multiforme, a really aggressive tumor. this trip to bolivia is one he&#8217;s been looking forward to for months now &#8211; a goal to look forward to through chemo and radiation. and though it wasn&#8217;t the ideal trip by any means, i know he loved coming here as always and is already looking to the next trip. my parents left yesterday morning &#8211; after four days in the hospital and another four pretty much in a hotel room all the time, (he&#8217;s ok now &#8211; the altitude can hit anyone hard, especially those with lower immune systems and generally weakened bodies) they were happy to get home too. 

as for me, i&#8217;m here a week longer. i&#8217;m looking forward to sleeping whole nights without waking every hour or so. and i&#8217;m looking forward to finally really exploring, like i&#8217;d been meaning to, the bolivia my parents love so much. 

here, the view outside my window. i have lots more pictures, but they&#8217;re stuck in the camera, without a usb cord, grr. the view is outside the little house my parents built in *achocalla*, the *casa chica* that is made for two. .. in fact, i think my parents kinda furnished it with me in mind. tempting, tempting. but for now, just a visit in bolivia.

sorry for the abruptness of this post perhaps. but it&#8217;s something i&#8217;ve been wondering about sharing or not, etc. so.. my dad is still a private person, as i am in my own way, but this is something i just felt i had to place here, in my journal, online as it may be. 

happy monday to you all ~ ~