---
layout: post
title: three years and change
date: 2019-01-11
---

a few weeks ago, right before the new year, i kept thinking over and over "we are living in the future!" and yes, hello 2019, it is indeed the future. and my fingers have been itching to write down, type down, tell someone, even just yell it out into the void that is the internet, that i am still here and that we are living in the *future*, folks. which 1) means i am getting old (something i am a tad obsessed about, somewhat in a soppy way but also somewhat in a bad way. more on that later maybe. lucky you.) and so 2) i have decided to revive this little corner of mine on the web. it has indeed gotten cobwebby and dusty but easily spiffied up thank goodness, just one night of biting my lip and cursing my sad outdated tech skills. my writing alas alack is not better, not full of grace and wisdom, but is more like how whenever i get the random chance to play a piano for a minute or two, my fingers still manage somehow to find the same errors and stumbles they did the last time i played the piano with any kind of regularity, that is, twenty-four years ago. so, that sucks. anyhow, i need a place to talk. maybe just to myself, and that is ok. talking about stumbling, maybe someone will stumble on to this site on some late-night internet ramblings and glom through the whole thing, thinking "is that all there is?" and the answer of course is: NO! but we all know that already since we are all online in some shape or form. i'm a rambling fool myself and have done that same exact thing with countless blogs and social media accounts of people i will never meet, and even people i never even want to meet and still somehow find myself reading page after page of posts and comments etc etc. 

anyhow, no point here - just my fingers and brain pleased i have a place again to chatter away. at some point, i will hopefully add actual potentially-useful content. and also pretty pictures. that doesn't sound too bad, right? i hope. so, more soon.

oh p.s. to sum up three years and change: no, it is too long, i can't. but basically right now i'm 41, mama to two girls, currently living in japan, and planning to go back to bolivia next year and then back to japan the following year and so on. also, studying japanese language and kinda freaking out about the 41 thing. also, biking a lot and currently reading a lot and trying to be plant-based vegan but mostly just convenience-store-vegetarian with lots and lots of mochi.