at that stage where i think, 'well, in another lifetime i would have been..' and there is no real regret or sadness, just a realization that there is finite time and space and energy and i took the other road, etc etc. still, a list to contemplate from time to time to see if i can incorporate aspects of it into life:

### in another life, i would have liked to be a:

- midwife
- linguist
- geologist

librarianship was the right path for me, specifically archives and "informatics", as ucla called it, and i still got to fall in love with working in a public library, too. but it's nice to think about these other interests. today i am indulging in the geology interest, falling down a wikipedia rabbit-hole and enjoying it immensely. some excellent podcasts and talks in that vein: [common descent](https://commondescentpodcast.podbean.com/) especially their extinction episodes starting with episode 5, this [long now episode](https://longnow.org/seminars/02019/jul/22/timefulness/) with geologist marcia bjornerud (whose excellent book timefulness i'm currently into), and lisa randall's [dark matter and dinosaurs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_Matter_and_the_Dinosaurs) as an audiobook is super interesting too. 

fall is quickly approaching and life is cracking with excitement and possibilites. i feel a bit guilty enjoying 2020 so much when so many view this as the Worst Year Ever (tm) but i am too happy to feel very guilty. this is a year of space and possiblity and real results for me and every day i am practically pinching myself to see if it's real. granted, we are luck lucky lucky to be in japan and i am aware of that. here's to making the absolute most of it. ~

